\begin{abstract}

Many important cloud services require replicating massive data from 
one datacenter (DC) to many DCs. While the performance of pair-wise 
inter-DC data transfers has been greatly improved, existing solutions
are insufficient to optimize bulk-data multicast, as they fail to 
harness capability of servers to store-and-forward data, as well as 
the rich inter-DC overlay paths that exist in geo-distributed DCs.
To harness these opportunities, we present {\em \name}, an 
application-level multicast overlay network, which sends inter-DC 
multicast traffic via many inter-DC overlay paths in a near-optimal 
manner. At the core of \name is a {\em fully centralized} 
architecture, allowing a central controller to maintain an up-to-date
global view of data delivery status of each intermediate servers, in 
order to fully utilize the available overlay paths. To quickly react 
to network dynamics and workload churns, \name speeds up the control 
algorithm by decoupling it into selection of overlay paths and
scheduling of data transfers, each can be optimized efficiently. This
enables \name to update overlay routing decisions in near real-time 
(e.g., every other second) at a scale of multicasting hundreds of TB
data over tens of thousands of overlay paths. A pilot deployment in 
one of the largest online service providers shows that \name can 
achieve 3-5$\times$ speedup over the provider's existing system and 
several well-known overlay routing baselines. 

\end{abstract}
